the only thing more satisfying than
building your house in Minecraft is
building your house in IRL well I can't
help you with that but I can help you
make it look good
pixel Empire is the only sponsorship
I've ever accepted for reason posters
t-shirts canvases iPhone cases are you
seeing what I'm seeing you gots last of
us you gots avatar you gots interstellar
you gots Zelda I didn't know my retinas
could be erect until today if you use
offer code white light for 10% off
you'll be putting Patrick to shame too
okay time to build a Minecraft house
despite the temptation given my previous
videos runaway success I told myself
that I wouldn't touch the subject again
unless I had something meaningful to say
I'm confident that I do I think I found
the missing link and I think I know how
to fix it after I published a serious
pratik of Minecraft and it reached a
wider and wider audience the comments
started peeling apart into two distinct
categories those who sung praise who
believed I had put into words exactly
what they were thinking when they quit
minecraft and those who called me ak8
okay to be fair that was a minority the
other group was those who believe that
minecraft didn't need balance or
progression or improved game mechanics
because the entire point was simply to
be creative there are those who view
Minecraft as a game and there are those
who view minecraft is a sandbox oughta
put it into more technical terms there
are the extrinsically motivated and the
intrinsically motivated we need to view
them as two groups but more accurately
there are two extremes on a spectrum do
you act because it's personally
rewarding to do so or because you seek
to earn rewards and avoid punishment I
think it's safe to say that younger
audiences have far more intrinsic
motivation than older audiences I think
the fact that minecraft original
audience the class of o.9 has aged 10
years since then is part of the reason
why so many of them have become distant
from Minecraft they're far less
intrinsically motivated far more
extrinsically motivated and that's where
minecraft is week though intrinsic
motivation may be relevant to a games
worth it is irrelevant to commentary on
game design suggestions for where the
game might go though there it becomes a
lot more important the problem I believe
Mojang face is that while you can
provide additional intrinsic motivation
with new blocks new color
new commands and such without
disadvantaging the extrinsic we're
motivated the reverse is not true you
increase extrinsic motivations you
remove beds to reintroduce the fear of
the night and this alienates the
intrinsic audience how do you fix
Minecrafts flawed game design without in
some way hurting what minecraft is so
uniquely good at well you'd think by
telling the intrinsic crowd to sod off
back to creative mode and let survival
mode be about survival but this isn't a
viable solution this is a case where the
two groups model is flawed and you have
to consider people a little closer to
the middle I'm now aware that there's a
pleasure in having made the journey from
nothing to something there's a
satisfaction in having collected the
building blocks literally of what you
intend to make well then tell them to
play in peaceful mode and that'll be
that just turn off the danger if
survival doesn't please you but isn't
there a pleasure in having to fight to
some degree for what you've collected
perhaps it's more rewarding to raid an
ocean monument if there's something
there that doesn't approve
I think easy survival mode today
services the intrinsically motivated
very very well so making drastic leaps
in any aspect of survival to service the
extrinsically motivated will inevitably
disadvantage son
that's what necessitates a distinction
between a true survival mode and
whatever it is we have now in a serious
critique of Minecraft I argued that
today's survival mode shouldn't be
called survival it was an inappropriate
title so we'll have to rename it well I
wouldn't have made this video if I
didn't think I had a solution but given
the scale of the situation it's
certainly worth understanding the
critiques of a serious critique of
Minecraft the most common comment I got
was you don't understand minecraft or
something along those lines it was
always from an intrinsically motivated
player who believed that the point of
Minecraft was just creative expression I
never intended that video to be an
evaluation of Minecraft as software
simply to be a focused criticism of
Minecraft as a game but I cannot deny I
didn't even consider the intrinsic site
for any more than 15 seconds without
making that video I certainly identify
with a crowd who have drifted from the
initial creative appeal what do those
people see that they think I don't I've
always seen it but I've taken it for
granted we've all heard the talk
Minecraft is a creative sandbox where
the only limit is your imagination at
this point we're no longer talking about
a game
we're talking about a sandbox the
intrinsically motivated objectives are
their own and that's why it's so hard to
consider when you're not among them
well since this isn't a critique of game
design I'd like to take the appreciation
of Minecraft as a creative sandbox to a
level beyond building a giant phallus or
a self-aware AI minecraft is a sandbox
SERPs far more than the players I
appreciate the game more as a sandbox
for developers in the same way I
appreciate Skyrim and roblox
if you have a creative vision you can
realize it on this simple engine without
the force of a 500 head development team
you don't need to be an artist to create
textures for objects you don't need to
be missed a robot to code their behavior
you don't need to big youtubers to
promote your game because the
distribution network is already there
it's never been easier to mold than it
is now I know of several Skyrim modders
who were in full-time games employment
because they were able to demonstrate
their skill on the accessible base
Skyrim provides and I know that doctors
Ark the creator of mo creatures has
collaborated with Mojang in the past
it's not a dead end and if you've got
the passion minecraft can allow a
brilliant idea to transform into a
fantastic gaming experience that might
just be seen by thousands it's certainly
limited the engine is restrictive and
horribly optimized but just look at what
people have done with custom maps and
mods alone they've changed a solid base
into something magnificent Minecrafts
accessibility does games a service if
you don't believe me even the Bobby big
cheese's of the games industry have
demonstrated the game's value was a
developmental sandbox with ray tracing
the simplicity of Minecraft contrasts so
greatly with the bleeding edge tightened
technology of real-time ray tracing that
now minecraft the worst looking game in
the world is the best looking game in
the world I think it's a sign of the end
times that I can no longer tell the
difference between a Minecraft
screenshot and real life I might be
slightly exaggerating but I'm not when I
tell you that I was blown away when I
saw this tech in action for the first
time a ray traced playthrough is
certainly on the bucket list in a
serious critique of Minecraft I proposed
a few suggestions as to how Mojang could
fix the problems I saw with Minecraft
there's no mechanical point in building
a damn thing and there's no way to set
your sights after the pushover of a
final boss the fixes I proposed were
fairly simple speed up the updates more
dimension
proper balance more farms reworking or
removing phantoms cave update everyone
wants that we can make all these small
changes thinking inside the box and we
might have fixed minecraft game design
for the extrinsic we motivated while the
intrinsically motivated remain happy
with the fact that minecraft is just
minecraft but I think we can do better I
think we can breathe new life into
conquest progression with mechanics that
serve both audiences at the same time
minecraft is a canvas the wild is your
palette but maybe that's a problem what
good is a painting of a castle they say
minecraft only limit is your imagination
I disagree you can realize anything but
only in form
never in function what good is a castle
with no men to guard it with no king to
rule it with no enemies to attack it and
no people for it to protect what good is
a ship if you can't sail it what
minecraft truly lacks is a commenter
pointed out to me is simple dynamics a
dynamic is a system of cause and effect
AI reacting to the player AI reacting to
other AI for example villagers going
inside when it's rainy is an example of
a dynamic system animals reacting to
seasons if they existed would be another
all combat is dynamic since dynamic
systems typically intertwine with one
another like an ecosystem of mechanics a
very small action can cause a very large
effect as if the reactive gameplay and
decision-making found in combats were
blown up to a world scale for example if
I were to burn down a forest then a
village dependent on that forest
couldn't burn logs in the winter so they
die of cold so their rivals get a larger
share of resources so they thrive that's
an incredibly profound effect imagine
how a skilled player could play strings
in just the right way to get the most
out of any situation
imagine how deep and interesting and
expressive such gameplay could be
properly incentivize it and you've got
your extrinsic players satisfied but the
thing is with dynamics they are so good
at making a wild feel alive perhaps it
was short-sighted to believe that I
couldn't critique Minecrafts intrinsic
factors if we play our cards right I
think we can not only make Minecraft a
vastly deeper game but also expand the
creative sandbox tenfold
that is my goal today dynamic game
mechanics will be properly incentivized
their use will allow for creative
expression and as per their nature they
will never be forced upon the player so
where do we start
1.14 was the village and pillage update
let's do it again
first we expand villagers require
resources and they harvest them
sustainably where they can every
villager will actually do their job not
just for cosmetics but because the group
needs them too additionally villages
will have relationships with neighboring
villages and a reputation mechanic
taking any observed action from the
player into account the player factors
in primarily through hiring you can now
buy villages loyalty with high wrap
emeralds or pledges of protection see
where this is going
jobs on offer are entirely under player
control though there would be a preset
menu for simplicity sake you can find
control timings the activation
prerequisites and the target logical
refined UI design perhaps defining
deforestation zones with markings on a
map and blue printing bells with an
upgraded scaffolding system you could
have them hunt spiders but only at night
mine gold but only during the day or
stand in a specific spot and only engage
mobs within a 15-block radius any action
you can do they can you need only assign
a bed a chest and the right payment with
this simple expansion options expand a
thousand fault if villages can pledge
loyalties then surely the player can
build their own country if villager
housing is under our control then we can
bring our own cities to life now we can
man a castle with archers and warriors
we have a citizenry to protect a is a
stretch goal we could have a living
economy additional improvements might
include expanding the villager
experience system allowing the equipment
of better weapons and armor and the
ability for experienced villages to
train inexperienced ones with time I
think having a job that has a villager
go out and hire more for a specific task
would be fantastic I'll tell you what
this would be a nightmare if I hadn't
found tech topia before collecting the
footage it gives us a brilliant
visualization of the kind of thing I'm
looking for let's demonstrate a couple
more possibilities in my vision villages
would always gather resources
sustainably where possible but what if
two villages are in competition along
the player might come to burn down
rival village ensuring that their own
survives but one villager jumps on a
horse and bolts they warn the
neighboring villages of your villainy
that's gonna shoot up the Emerald price
of loyalty
so let's plant smarter pillages still
exists we'll find a camp burn it down
and get bad omen now we simply waltz on
into the rival village to trigger a raid
the pillages are attacking so you can't
be held responsible let's go further we
allow the pillages to raid for a while
but then we step in perhaps even with a
couple soldiers we save the rivals and
for doing so we're viewed as a harem
loyalty in the bag they'll never know it
was us who orchestrated the attack in
the first place let's think about some
more possibilities villagers need
resources to survive so we could brew a
plague that only affects pigs lace it on
arrows and shoot it into their Pigpen at
night perhaps that forces the huntsman
to go into the nearby woods for food
which is where we've set a trap
perhaps we could break the village walls
at night allowing monsters to pour in
and do the job for us of course every
Empire Falls if you take a brutal
approach to amassing your subjects the
reputation might cause all non loyal
villages to band together under their
own flag they might just do it to
challenge your power an enemy army would
raid your less defensible settlements
and unless you put a stop to that
they'll come in full force to your
largest just like that defensible
building becomes logical a castle can
serve its function all those soldiers
you trained well they're put to the test
can you imagine being killed in a siege
and having to raise another army to take
the castle you built back maybe you
laced it with TNT for a situation just
like this can you imagine the tactics
let's get this straight this AI we're
talking about it's not some
next-generation alien technology it's
been done just never in a game with this
much potential the question then becomes
why why make an empire sure it's cool
it's rewarding but power for the sake of
power is intrinsic not extrinsic what's
the point well that's where the new
dimensions come in a third why light
forests some kind of Lovecraftian
nightmare doesn't matter as long as it
saw the wildling will need our resources
to thrive in the new dimensions and kill
their associated bosses why because
we've fixed the beacons which also gives
the weather a more pronounced purpose
with a big enough pyramid
or perhaps with enough materials that
beam opens a portal in the sky just like
in Avengers we could also use the beam
as a forge perhaps it can power some
kind of contraption into which you pour
resources in exchange for vastly more
powerful weapons and armor any idea
works here just as long as what you've
worked for has a purpose for once this
would be an extrinsic goal that isn't
just more content more to see or do
because it allows for intrinsic creative
expression you build your settlements
however the hell you want you can come
up with any creative plan to gain loyal
followers or destroy your enemies we've
got to be careful though because the
entire point of what we're doing here is
expanding the game without hurting
anyone so it's important to allow
players to not participate
survival's no good for choice because if
you choose to not survive you just saw
it die
conquest will always allow you to not
pursue it you don't have to get to the
portal you aren't going to be bullied
with any of the new systems you're not
gonna come back to your little wooden
house one night to find it's been burned
down by barbaric villages unless you do
something major to piss them off if
we're introducing new cosmetic blocks
Chuck and down in the nether that's not
a difficult dimension the other thing we
don't want to do is take away all the
focus from mining and exploration what's
important for a sandbox is freedom and
that means this command & Conquer
village dynamic is not the only way
forward firstly let's not drown
ourselves in automation you can't ask a
villager to pop up a perfect castle but
they can slowly replicate things like
walls or standard villager housing
secondly mining basically cave update
innit we've already been over this in
the first video a far deeper limit using
cubic chunks depth dependent cave
generation stronger mods the lower you
go biome specific caves more resources
as long as they're interesting far more
underground structures with weirdness
danger and reward increasing with depth
and more interesting dangers heat and
radiation pick one doesn't matter which
it's now a static effect throughout the
entire underground after a reasonable
level there's a smooth transition you
got to wear a certain standard of armor
to survive which will increase tension
and create some exciting gameplay
because if it breaks you'll need to leg
it back to safety might encourage
different approaches to mining the
extremely rich resources at the most
dangerous levels of the earth
are enough if gained in a reasonable
amount to power up the beacon and
prepare you for what lies on the other
side as a side note since only those
extensively mining would be strong
enough to get to the bottom of the wall
but everybody needs the nether to
construct a beacon the nether will
remain as is accessed via a portal it's
crucial for where possible to
mechanically incentivize everything that
expresses creativity for mining this is
damn difficult it's why I've been saying
where possible how do you express
creativity when you're holding
left-click on the same blocks every time
that's the million dollar question the
best idea I've got are as follows thanks
to the minecraft abnormals for this one
new types of explosive explosives the
bore tunnels get rid of lava high
explosives that make big impacts but
spawn lava and fire mining explosives to
double up on resources from the same
vein I think it would create a kind of
mad scientist play style to add variety
to our oh so familiar go down to 12 and
start stripping my other idea is
increasing the impact of exploration on
the underground we've already discussed
new structures but let's ensure they're
actually interesting how about a maze
now of course you can mine through mazes
but here every block contains silverfish
not many to begin with but once you've
mine say 20 you're swamped it's like a
Black Friday and a BTS concert rolled
into one
you could navigate it as intended you
could even blow its nuts off with TNT
lots of room for player expression I
really think this is the right ballpark
for any new structures the final type of
gameplay to look at is indeed
exploration first things first let's at
the very least give the impression of a
breathing dynamic one wins got a blow
animals have got a migrate and travel in
more believable numbers predators need
to be more plentiful on how better AI
Birds got a chirp let's just straight up
Rob mo creatures horses there's gotta be
seasons mods have already proven how
beautiful land can be and animals in
this case could dynamically react to
that you could find a bear in a cave
hibernating for winter or a hibernating
squirrel that had pop out of a tree if
you break it so how does this get us our
beacon well if you find the right type
of carrot
I'm kidding Mojang already doing it with
Whittle and mansions and ocean monuments
there would be a wealth of new rare
dungeons that get you better and better
loot I'm talking good loot terraria type
loot deus ex type upgrades not just
basic stat boosts each one contains a
map to either a dungeon of similar
quality or of higher quality follow the
maps for long enough and you'll
eventually find yourself at let's say
Hera brines castle fight through it kill
the white eyed whippersnapper himself
and you'll get a resource good enough to
open the portal you could of course make
the siege easier with hired villagers
just like mining coming up with systems
in which you can express yourself is
difficult because what are you doing
aside from walking you can introduce
dynamics to breathe life into the wall
but for it to do what villages can
players need some level of influence the
best I've got is the following three
ideas ships plants and horses I'm sure
ships has been done years ago with mods
the idea being you don't have to use
this rinky-dink litter box you can
construct a ship however the hell you
please and depending on a couple of
factors it'll sail factors being weight
a simple buoyancy calculation using
empty space under the waterline and how
streamlined it is you can hire villagers
to sail with you perhaps even two-man
tnt cannons though there is always
redstone for that naval combat with
minecraft creativity and destructibility
can you imagine the multiplayer the
appeal of ships would of course be mass
transport but also accessing an ocean
dungeon like the tower of the gods from
Wind Waker you could sneak past the
guarding ships with a boat but it would
be easier to fight them head-on
that's [__] let's look at our five
legged friends extensive horse breeding
you certainly can't you know perform the
act on the go but you sure can collect
the ingredients I like the idea of
travelling to faraway lands in search of
some kind of mythical beast like a
unicorn
maybe breeding it with something else to
get at Pegasus breeding would control
color speed size health ponds wind shape
so you could get fairly expressive with
it and flying
if balance where the stamina bar sure
sounds like a good mechanical reward I
propose the exact same concept for trees
and crops too you'd breed them in search
of the ultimate food it would give you a
hell of a reason to farm and to explore
in search of the best species imagine
breeding a golden apple tree you could
reenact the Bible so now we've expanded
upon the sandbox and integrated every
system into my game design what do we do
after we've accessed that portal
dimension will it just be a chain of
tougher and tougher dimensions we can't
replicate these systems for everyone can
we no I don't think we can
I think whatever dimension the portal
leads to has to be near enough the end
because progression will get repetitive
and you will get bored so how do we
integrate the end I mean the literal end
into this equation
it'll make no sense if there's a tougher
dimension at the end because the end is
the end well
I've moved it remember Dark Souls keep
that in mind in the portal dimension
there's a boss and among the many
rewards for slaying that boss is a ring
in this vision of Minecraft bedrock is
breakable so we break it and down we
fall into the abyss at any other time
you just fall out of the world and die
but with the ring equipped we continue
to fall and fall and fall and fall until
we reach it the end I'm trying to go for
something intimidating here so no more
of this ugly-ass cheese looking rock
trees made from shadows sounds cool as
you'd expect the end dragon is still
there and most certainly so is the end
poem I think the meaning of the end poem
is a beautiful reward in itself and I
think an extrinsic reward might
undermine it but let's stick a Bissel
weapons and armor in the end cities as
the true end game gear for something
intrinsic let's go back to that portal
in whatever the portal dimension
originally was you would have seen a
huge field of strange-looking artifacts
now they're all active it's a
dimensional switchboard a field of
portals like that one episode from
primeval everyone leads to an entirely
new randomly generated world just like
Jay X's proposition biome properties
colors tree size day/night cycles
resources animals the number of Suns the
size of the Suns the state of the
villages from ruin to thriving gravity
the terrain Jen all randomly generated I
imagine this wouldn't be a monumental
task it sounds like a matter of tying an
rng to a bunch of values so don't expect
the resources to be much more than REE
skins Enderman would also be common to
all new realms the idea of this is an
infinite loop of new game plusses but
with some added variation you could
never get more powerful but you could
always explore new wonderful
like no man sky which we should
definitely be taking inspiration from
it'll be fine for the finishing touches
why not think about a light narrative
element the end of men are pretty much
the only thing minecraft has going law
wise it's important that we leave them
as an open mystery but it would be a
waste of potential if we didn't go
somewhere with it in previous versions
of Minecraft villager cleric solve
enderpearls
implying there was some kind of dodgy
Lovecraftian worship effort let's bring
that back though this is the time for
subtlety let's scatter the ruins of an
ancient Enderman worshipping cults
throughout the underground in the
dimensional switchboard wells though
that's the time for being overt let's
show that the Enderman have a presence
everywhere that they truly represent
something higher if they are the
personifications of the ending of all
things
there should be walls that are
completely dead no trees always night
perhaps some of those populated entirely
by Enderman we could first imply that
because of the existence of the dragon
egg we've only delayed the inevitable
all things come to an end including our
world but then there should be wells
with nothing more than a single sapling
to show the death is also a beginning
call it ridiculous but I actually think
minecraft could be a vessel for a very
strong albeit basic theme I should
certainly stress that these are just my
own thoughts the design philosophy is
what's important but anyone's creative
concepts could work just as well or
better I think that nicely wraps up what
I had in mind for improving on minecraft
conquest progression but what our
approach hasn't done is provide
extrinsic motivation through survival
gameplay as some might have expected I
think my first video gave a few people
the impression that the only way
minecraft can provide extrinsic
motivation is with survival like we saw
an alpha or perhaps that it's the way
minecraft should but conquest works just
as well
terraria is proved that it just doesn't
feel the same even if we can elevate
conquest progression does that mean we
should abandon the goldmine that is
survival no it would be an insult of the
games history and its potential the
knight will be reborn I say will it
already has of all the things that drew
me back to Minecraft
it was Chelonia neg head that pulled the
strongest no it's not a sonic villain
it's the author of the
of the night mod panic a collection of
mods that though making attempts to
enrich exploration and conquest
progression seeks specifically to
reintroduce the fear of the night to
Minecraft to create extrinsic incentive
to build and awaken survival gameplay
that slight dormant since alpha it
showed me just how much power is in our
hands I've always appreciated the
modding scene but there's only so many
out there that stay true to Mojang's
creative vision there's only so many out
there that don't hurt the game as much
as they help it rebirth of the night
showed me how delicate an art crafting a
survival game really is it's not as
simple as remove beds or make mobs do
more damage when I first played rebirth
till durability was so harsh that for
every stone pickaxe you made three of
the six blocks you could mine with it
would have to be stone just so you could
make another one it was a nightmare
things have since changed and all of a
sudden it felt like I was playing a
whole new game it goes to show that if
any of the necessary systems are just a
tad too tedious everything else suffers
and I think it also goes to show the mod
packs are a great but flawed way of
fixing the game mods are not created
with the same objective in mind and so
when they're put together more than just
files can conflict focus is can one mod
seeks to make Minecraft a light survival
the next seeks to introduce survival
realism they'll probably find both in
the same pack mods are without question
the best chance we've got but they are
not an easy solution making them is
difficult and organizing them is
delicate so was rebirth of the night
successful at reintroducing that first
night brush well I'll tell you a story
and you can decide for yourselves on my
first day are for a while of screwing
about night starts to fall I look for
some kind of shelter but time runs out
cornering me in the base of a hill
there's nothing else for it I try the
old 2x1 hole with the door on the front
technique that doesn't work because the
new mobs have logical AI a creeper saw
me go into my hole so it blow up the
entrance
my only torch is gone but I still have
enough room to block myself in except
now I start hearing noises borrowing
Enderman caves they get louder and
louder this is the new fear mechanic and
I can't distinguish the delusions from
the mobs trying to get in
well they do get in a
creeper blows up my hole I'm forced out
zombies attack then another creeper
comes along to finish the job it's like
a scene from a horror movie rebirth of
the night certainly lives up to its
title and when it's finished ill have
made vanilla or vastly more interesting
experience I wonder though does survival
have to be realistic like RL Kraft does
it have to make use of the night
survival just means not dying the threat
is what matters most first I find that
boring warmth restricts movement too
much my idea
expanding on Laughlin's idea from the
comments section is winter proper winter
though Game of Thrones winter the season
cycle would take a carefully balanced
stretch of time every 24 days sounds
fair and when winter comes you will face
a number of challenges the cold outside
will freeze you to death without the
right armor there's a thick fog
restricting visibility beds no longer
work farms will die if left exposed so
will all friendly mobs torches will burn
out and most importantly an army of
enemy mobs will emerge from the mists
who seek to break into your dwelling and
kill you
eh I shouldn't be a roadblock the
incredible epic siege montt proves it's
doable it'll be up to your creativity to
build something that will keep you safe
during the long night I think this would
be great fun in Minecraft 3d sandbox
especially if we've got our dynamic
villages you could show Game of Thrones
what a real finale looks like and to
make things a little more interesting
let's have a mob that represents the
night King you could get to a point
where you're so well armed that you
might be able to forge a path to the
night King if you kill him you free the
world from the winter army forever
snow stays but no death march that would
be this survival game modes version of
the end what gets me really excited
about this kind of idea is how good a
player like mumbo-jumbo would be those
ingenious pragmatic redstone
contraptions would finally have an
extrinsic value you can imagine mumbos
impenetrable bunkers and walking houses
being put to the test in my perfect wall
we'd see four game modes conquest which
is the survival we have today with all
our added systems
adventure which is today's survival with
minor touch-ups survival which is our
new and improved extrinsically focused
gameplay and of course creative mode
parma death remains toggleable for
hardcore playthroughs and we also
provide an option to turn off hunger on
mode bar survival because it can slow
creative processes down the goal of this
video was to present what I believe is
the design philosophy minecraft needs
it's not my random ideas for content or
structure that's important it's the path
minecraft should be taking into the
future what we're sitting on is a truly
unimaginable goldmine of potential over
the years over the decades whichever way
minecraft goes people will continue to
find ways of surprising us bringing
something as important and as beautiful
as Lego to the digital marketplace has
in many ways made Minecraft more than a
video game let's see just how high it
will reach anyway I do believe I haven't
said anything too controversial in this
video so there won't be anyone having a
verbal stroke in the comment section
well that's what my therapist told me
next time on the white light show I
might be covering watchdogs which will
mesh nicely with the theme of potential
thank you to likes Williams just anima
Ludvig sahlan Leon cut and doll holy
shift chants Tucker Douglas Griffith
combat Wamba sim Noah be subtly thomas
Lyndell juris pure ins a b l hudson rosa
benjamin carter bishop nelson john
lammle fabian flack zachary scott shade
quarter gamer captain excellent and
dominic Jaworski my patrons helped a
great deal in getting these videos out
in a timely manner thanks again and
thank you for watching I hope to see you
next time goodbye
[Music]